README.md, before:

### Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/a99a88d28ad37a79dbf6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/codeclimate/codeclimate/maintainability)
[![Run linter](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/linter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/linter.yml)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/oZPwZNub2f1BKqIZUFYGPhy8k.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/oZPwZNub2f1BKqIZUFYGPhy8k)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/aXnaRfPibYftYmJS7O6llhofv.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/aXnaRfPibYftYmJS7O6llhofv)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/7uVOzPCFoU1TE8iEqeIpPPfXD.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/7uVOzPCFoU1TE8iEqeIpPPfXD)

Commit message:

update README.md, pyproject.toml, change games logic

README.md, after:

# ***Brain Games***
Welcome to the Brain Games!

Interesting mind games in training project:
+ brain-even - guess, if given number is even or not
+ brain-calc - calculate an expression
+ brain-gcd - find the greatest common divisor of given numbers
+ brain-prime - guess, if given number prime, or not
+ brain-progression - guess the missing number in the progression
## Requirements:
- python = "^3.8"
- prompt = "^0.4.1"
<br/>
<br/>
## Hexlet tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/a99a88d28ad37a79dbf6/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/codeclimate/codeclimate/maintainability)
[![Run linter](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/linter.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Terzia/python-project-lvl1/actions/workflows/linter.yml)
<br/>
<br/>
## Installation process and launching of each game examples:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/TwHBbPO6NwpmsLPccUsNe4M66)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/oZPwZNub2f1BKqIZUFYGPhy8k.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/oZPwZNub2f1BKqIZUFYGPhy8k)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/aXnaRfPibYftYmJS7O6llhofv.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/aXnaRfPibYftYmJS7O6llhofv)
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/7uVOzPCFoU1TE8iEqeIpPPfXD.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/7uVOzPCFoU1TE8iEqeIpPPfXD)
